This app needs the following fixes specifically:

+The main search bar should not be in (higher or lower) layer from "floating rotating logo " 
they should at the same layer,  but always the search bar is below ⬇️ and logo ⬆️ is above, with respected gap.

+when user choose a new token from the main search bar,  it should replace the one in from input 

+Remove the themed ticker from the selected icons in (from/to) , keep only the input ticker referring to the current token always. Remove text normalization,  and make the normalization of the text refer to the current token. 

+Run logs on the following checking and fix :
Swap in Polygon or Ethereum modes uses "LIFI and 0x" as resorces.
Swap in BRG modes uses both "LIFI and 0x" as resources 
Bridging in BRG mode uses "LIFI" as resource
Both swap and bridging are fully working 100% no doubts.
Themed and smooth guidlines are applied , encountering variations of issues eg: no enough funds.

+Make sure the connect wallet logic is fully working,  and it connects the both chains at once , no need to reconnect while switching chains in the website, 
User have consistent connection because the user already connected to the both POL/ETH  chains.


+Add 3-5 steps GUIDELINES for welcoming new users,  themed exactly 100% like our app, very small frendly and SKIP  is a choice 
first is welcome and introduction of ability to swap and bridge in eth and pol chains , 
Second guideline introducing the user to the switch chain button by adhering our 3 modes, 
3rd giude line introducing about public chat and the iframe button "SNAP⚡" which is for quick market overview. End by telling users 75% of the exchange fees will go to $nol liquidity and also mention that they are responsible for their trades we are just professional aggregators . Also tell the in estimate feild not always accurate,  users needs to get qouts to find the real aggregation .Warn them freindly

+REMOVE IN ADDITIONAL FEES (1.2$ in eth and 0.01moatic) remove the whole additional fees logics. Keep only pure swap,bridging ,allowance, approvals, transactions codes, withno extra fees

+remove page scroll when lists,search,suggestions are open. To enhance user experience scrolling the suggestions.

Run logs in check any other fixes or features enhances 